Update builder guides, explain and inline arithmetic feature (#115)
Green-Software-Foundation/if-docs: docs/developers/how-to-build-plugins.md

## Managing errors

> If the framework provides its own set of error classes, it will significantly simplify users' lives!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IF framework provides its own set of error classes, making your task as a plugin builder much simpler! These are available to you in the `if-core` package that comes bundled with IF. You can import the appropriate error classes and add custom messages.
```
